feat(vue): refactor composable functions (#3619)
urql-graphql/urql: .changeset/chatty-mice-join.md

---
'@urql/vue': minor
---

> Refactor composable functions with care of reactivity to fix possible memory leaks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refactor composable functions with a focus on avoiding memory leaks and Vue best practices
```

Author: thanks, updated
